Document the syntax changes introduced by CVL 2 (#57)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/cli/options.md

example, `cvc5` refers to the default configuration of `cvc5` whereas
`cvc5:nonlin` is better for nonlinear problems.  Additional options can be set
via `z3{randomSeed=17}`.

(-useBitVectorTheory)=
#### `--settings -useBitVectorTheory`

> This option uses fewer {term}`overapproximation`s for bitwise

Author: I'm not 100% sure.  @shellygr?

> This option reduces the Prover {term}`overapproximation`s used for bitwise

Reviewer: Does the word "reduces" here have a technical meaning that provides context? If not, it could be helpful to rephrase slightly to make clearer what is meant by "reduces the...overapproximations" for people with a different technical background. 

If there is a technical meaning at play, an inline synonym could be helpful.

> This option reduces the Prover {term}`overapproximation`s used for bitwise

Author: ```suggestion
This option uses fewer {term}`overapproximation`s for bitwise
```
